In the summer of 1978, many Swedish workers relished the chance to take longer, paid vacations than ever before.
This was thanks to an update to Sweden's Annual Leave Act - or Semesterlagen in Swedish - passed the previous year. The law guaranteed all employees four consecutive weeks of vacation, and increased their total annual leave to five weeks, giving them some of the longest paid holidays in the world.
These policies transformed the way Swedes do business. Many factories and offices shut down for an entire month during the summer. Today, Sweden retains its strong reputation for work-life balance, and the annual leave act has given rise to the 'sommarjobb' - short summer jobs that help cover holiday absences.
Former union worker Inger Persson, who was in her late 20s when the law was passed, tells Matilda Welin about the impact it had on her family, who decided to spend their first long, paid uninterrupted vacation in a new campervan.
Eye-witness accounts brought to life by archive. Witness History is for those fascinated by and curious about the past. We take you to the events that have shaped our world through the eyes of the people who were there.
For nine minutes every day, we take you back in time and all over the world, to examine wars, coups, scientific discoveries, cultural moments and much more.
Recent episodes explore everything from how the Excel spreadsheet was developed, the creation of cartoon rabbit Miffy and how the sound barrier was broken.
We look at the lives of some of the most famous leaders, artists, scientists and personalities in history, including: the moment Reagan and Gorbachev met in Geneva, Haitian singer Emerante de Pradines' life and Omar Sharif's legendary movie entrance in Lawrence of Arabia.
You can learn all about fascinating and surprising stories, like the invention of a stent which has saved lives around the world; the birth of the G7; and the meeting of Maldives' ministers underwater. We cover everything from World War Two and Cold War stories to Black History Month and our journeys into space.